159 documentation cleanup (#160)
twosixlabs/armory-library: docs/getting_started.md

![armory-library block diagram](assets/armory-block-diagram.png)

> Where the Model and Dataset are the inputs under ev_luation and the Attack is an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where the Model and Dataset are the inputs under evaluation and the Attack is an
```
